c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.exe.config
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.exe
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.pdb
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\CoreTweet.dll
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\CoreTweet.xml
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.Form1.resources
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.exe
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.pdb
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\cfaa3e7d36b61fa8fec79021d0924892_l.ico
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.exe.manifest
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.application
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\bin\Release\Twinfo.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.exe.manifest
c:\users\vn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twinfo\Twinfo\obj\Release\Twinfo.application
